# KnowOnesWebsiteOfEverything
A website that serves as a showcase of my HTML and CSS skills.  The content within is related to Dungeons and Dragons 5th Edition, and covers everything from characters builds of mine, to a original wiki that organizes my homebrew world, to a (planned) proxy filtering system with links to official content.  

The website is broken down into four main categories, which are 5e Resources, Nraanon Wiki, Tech Guides, and Character Builds.  

5e Resources is yet to be developed, but the plan is to create a list with comprehensive filters for 5th Edition content.  Rather than pirating the content itself, only the title  and attributes for filtering purposes will be present, with the game content being replaced with a link to the relevant page on D&D Beyond's website.  The last thing I want to do is undermine D&DB or underuct their profits as I am a massive Wizards of the Coast fan.  

The Nraanon Wiki is a series of entries with descriptions that detail my homebrew world, which is heavily inspired by the standard Forgotten Realms setting.  Many aspects will be recognizable to avid fans of D&D, but there are a great many tweaks and utterly unique elements that distinguish it as its own.  The purpose of this wiki is to serve as an organized reference for lore and information, both for myself as a Dungeon Master and for the Players at my table.  I have taken images found on Google without the express consent of the artists, but I do not intend to redistribute this art or profit from it in any way.  I am still looking into the legality behind putting this website online, and would be happy to credit any artist whose art is displayed in this wiki.

The Tech Guides are a series of articles I have written that go over Techs (techniques) that are highly effective within the gameplay of D&D 5e.  Some of these techs are rather exploitative of unintended mechanical interactions, but none are written with the intent of causing strife for other table members.  Some are merely thought experiments to see where the limits of the game lie, and how badly it breaks the game to push past those limits.  Others are strategies that help players make the most of their character's abilities.  These techs should not be considered for actual play without first considering the table environment, and are more intended to comment on the nature of 5th Edition mechanics.  

My Character Builds go hand in hand with some Tech Guide articles.  These pages detail 5th Edition characters that I have built as concepts, and some have been tested in actual play.  The overview discusses the goal of the build, the tables go over the choices made at each level, and the tier breakdowns explain how the character is meant to be played at each stage of its life cycle.  As another disclaimer, some of these builds are considered "broken" and might reduce the enjoyment of other players at the table.  Some of these are intended for actual play, and some are thought experiments to test the game mechanics and limits.  The tone of the table must be considered before playing any character, including these builds.  


Beyond those four categories, I have also advertised myself to a small degree.  I have linked my GitHub account, LinkedIn, and Discord Server so that anyone who wants to reach out for any reason can do so.  


As I mentioned before, I have taken the art in this project from various places across the internet.  I have put in an effort to select art that is tactful, as there are many rather tasteless depiction of fantasy characters in existence.  While some may disagree, I find the idea that every feminine being need be depicted in an arousing way to be extremely tasteless and unprofessional.  Some of those depictions are certainly nice to look at, but many of them seem ridiculously unrealistic.  That may sound ironic when discussing a fictional world with magic, monsters, and gods, but those are all based on immersive assumptions.  I loathe boob-plate and sword swinging warriors in high heels because there are no implicit assumptions about physics or combat working differently than they do in the real world.  

That being said, I have done my best to exclude art I find to be in poor taste, favoring depictions that are respectful and high quality.  I am not an objective filter by any means, and while I may have improved upon whatever the first google results might be, there very well may be an unfair and recognizable distinction between how feminine and masculine entities are presented.  I would greatly appreciate any specific feedback on this topic, especially if one or more replacement images are suggested.  This isn't something that I will ever preach about to the masses since I don't think it is wrong for artists to depict their subjects in whatever way they please, but it is kind of annoying to sift through.  However, I believe that burden can be made much lighter through collaboration.  

UPDATE:  I have looked into the legality behind using art found online and it turns out that heavy fines and other penalties can be accrued, even for a portfolio project that never becomes an actual website.  While it may be unlikely to occur, I like to make sure that my ass is covered.  For this reason, I will be removing the art that I have used thus far until I can get the express consent of the artists or find suitable public domain replacements.  

In the meantime, I will be using images under the Creative Commons License as substitutes.  Let me be clear, most Creative Commons images have a very tacky feel to them, so please try not to judge this site based on the images therein.  I'm doing my best to make something impressive without breaking laws.  


If you have any feedback or comments for me regarding anything related to this or other projects, feel free to contact me in any of the ways mentioned above.  
